okay today I'm going to teach you how to
do your handstand and do a front
walkover except for the cover because I
haven't learned that yet um every single
thing that I've ever learned in your
mastics I did I just taught myself in my
basement with almost no padding and you
know I'm just happy to do it now try
neck here we go okay the first thing I
order with your dress line you want to
make sure you have a carpet or practice
math so in case you fall you wonder it
yourself if you're on conference or
something ok so to your chance and start
with your arms up from your feet forward
and keep your legs okay so if your face
like the first time you've ever done it
hopes to the feeling of it but you don't
not what we do wouldn't fall forward you
have to make sure you kick a little bit
harder so you make it around and I here
in your chance and you had a curve your
back and your lives as much as you
possibly can so that way you don't run
like this really you can just because
you can fall giving easily ok so I'm did
an instant you're going to turn my legs
and just fall off and you gotta make
sure you hold yourself up
I didn't pick it out
and if you're not used to improving your
background it helps to practice on doing
a bridge so you want to start your legs
apart it just a little bit get on your
back and give your hands propably flat
on the ground and push for both your
hands and feet
okay um I hope you try this and soon
enough you're probably you'll get it and
if anyone has any tips it'd be great to
get a video response on how to recover
so thanks